I've been thinking about role swapping
for a really long time so it's good that
riot just kind of like let it happen in
the game naturally so I don't have to
ruin my career by swapping death ad
carry or something well it's the second
day of summer split I'm joined right now
by Derek with coverage presented by Omni
slash talked a little bit about echo Fox
the second game now Derek talked me
through the final moments of that game
the epic conclusion against clutch what
was going on coms what was going on how
did it all go down
actually I think we were talking about
using banner minions bottom because me
and who need just bought banner of
command in the game and we were talking
about using our we were just talking
about how we were gonna siege the
turrets because we had already had one
in hit down and we were waiting for
Baron and elders spawn and then after
like Walt something happened while hoody
was using Talley ulti and then we all DC
from the game and then however 30 40
minutes later we just got told to go up
stage because we won
so obviously starting off with just a
joke here but it is a very interesting
situation I can't remember I've heard
that this has happened in EU LCS with
Giants trainer remember if this has
happened in na LCS before might be
slipping my mind but it's just kind of
weird knowing Nexus explodes and then
there's a win granted did you guys
expect this or sort of what was going on
in those comps because obviously we're
talking for like 30 minutes or so
yeah from as far as what they could tell
us and like obviously I have some
assumption in it we hit like an
attempting to reconnect thing it wasn't
a pause it was just straight up like
everybody legitimately DC from the game
and when that happens and it is
spectators included there is no pause of
the game and the game just plays on so
I'm pretty sure what happened is the
game just played on in the background
with all 10 players disconnected and
then because we had a super we had an
inhibitor done top those super minions
just ended the game so there was no
there they when when they finally were
able to reconnect there was no game left
because the game had ended from minions
after like maybe like 10 in 10 minutes
and then when there's no kroner break
because we were I mean we it was
obviously winnable for them but we were
10k gold up seven times to zero and four
dragons to zero so it was like we were
in a
pretty advantageous position so yeah you
know the rules are the rules and it does
suck if it was up to us we'd obviously
crumb a break but given that that was
probably not an option obviously uh I
think they confirmed that it was not an
option for sure so yeah given that there
was no Cronenberg option somebody's
gonna be upset but obviously I'm the one
that was 10k gold up so obviously I'm
gonna say that it's fair that I won but
obviously a really controversial thing
that happened but the end of the day it
is just one game of regular-season so so
you agree with the decision to award it
to you guys rather than we make I mean
yeah I mean I I agree with it it is in
the rules if we are 10k goal there's a
lot of money even though it is like
winnable I would say that is it is like
a small fraction I think it is pretty I
don't want to say no yeah yeah I agree
for sure did you have a chance to talk
to any of the clutch guys afterwards not
really like a conversation but you know
we shook hands and I said sorry like I
wish it could be different but you know
just it is what it is everybody just
kind of had like that it is what it is
mentality about it because we knew both
sides know that there's nothing that the
players can do about it
it wasn't because of anything we did it
was just an unlucky thing that happened
and somebody's got to be upset about it
because we couldn't just chrono break
the game let's take a step aside from
the end of that game and talk a little
bit about how things have been going
with echo fox you guys I think boot camp
tin Korea during the break right some of
us did yeah I went for a few days but it
wasn't like it wasn't like a screaming
kind of thing it was more like a solo
queue and then we had a couple screams
at the end but it was like a more
laid-back kind of setting so it wasn't
like a hardcore boot camp so I like went
for a few days played some so like you
came back and then yeah everybody else
just kind of showed up and then I think
like maybe like two or three weeks
before I'll see I started we regrouped
up in our office and started screaming
together
how are things going as a team because
you guys had a really explosive split
over the course of spring and then just
faltered so slightly at the end there so
what have you guys been doing during the
break to sort of shore up the issues
that you had before and you know how do
you feel about the team overall at the
moment
I guess our biggest fault was just the
adaptation in terms of luck when the
meta shifted mid split so I guess our
main focus right now is just
understanding the current meta that
we're in so you see we're doing a bunch
of like way more random stuff than other
teams are swapping roles and that kind
of stuff so that is just our we think
that's how the game is we think that is
how the game is supposed to be played at
the highest level like we think that if
you play that well enough that you're
not gonna be able to beat it so until
you know we get proven otherwise or that
we have a different opinion or our patch
comes this is like what you should
expect of echo fox I don't want to say
like we're gonna be on different roles
every game but you know it's gonna be
it's gonna be pretty interesting
whenever we're in select for sure so as
far as like what we need to do to like
make sure that last blow doesn't happen
I think it's just being on top of
fascism also being ahead of the curve so
not just thinking about what's good on
this patch but also theory crafting
what's going on next patch so things
like that will help us for sure how how
do these role swaps come about is this
something that the coaches are are
deciding because I think a lot of people
just assume huni's like no I'm playing
support this game or now I have the mid
laner or something you know
well it really just comes down to what
champions we think are strongest so at
first we were trying you know like
Johnny on Yasuo or Phoenix on yaso or
you know who neon just a normal tank
that kind of stuff we were trying
everybody with everything and then after
a certain point it was like we didn't
have enough time in terms of like how to
actually adapt to the patch and we
didn't have enough time to get
individual practice on everyone so we
just entertained the idea of like if we
have you also nes to go bottom because
there are like some counter picks so
like if we pick Yasuo in first and they
go over nekton then you know you also
can win versus Renekton in the bottom
line with one supports are involved but
he can't win the 1b1 so in cases like
that we would have to put Johnny on
Yasuo and there's obviously a big
discrepancy between hooni and Johnny on
the champions so we just entertained the
idea of like what if we just put Johnny
on mundo who he likes really he really
likes playing or another tank and then
put honey on the Osmo and then when we
screened with it it did really well so
we figured it would just be the best
thing to do how long until you guys bust
out Heimerdinger
that's so very sauce I mean I bring that
up somewhat it's a joke because we're
seeing so many weird things in Europe
and across the regions and I feel like I
was just talking to Emily about this up
in the press room like it feels like
every region has have has their own like
weird stuff that they're popping out
we're seeing a lot of lad over here and
I I don't know it's just it's sort of
interesting to see how this all going I
I think that I think we're truly just in
a meta where personal experience and
preference are more important than team
compositions and things of that nature
just in general we're you know like our
game against fly yesterday they got out
comped in my opinion and you know we got
to like a certain point in the game word
they couldn't really kill us anymore and
it was obvious that they didn't have
enough damage in their comp and that our
characters were just too tanky and too
strong so I think in some cases you can
get out drafted and you can be in
situations where you're gonna lose the
scaling in composition but I think in
most cases it is just up to like a lot
of these champions like irelia Yasuo
stuff like that it's just extremely
skill reliant and if you're good enough
at the champion you can pretty much win
any matchup
so it's really just up in my opinion up
to the individual skill of the players
and how deep you can go into your
champion pool very good are you do you
like this minute if you have the ability
right now to turn it back to like look
people just play what their role is and
that's what they do and everything's
fine or stick around in this world where
you've got like the ability for you know
Cooney to end up at bot Lane and all the
kind of stuff would you would you stick
with the current matter would you shift
well I have a lot of faith in my
teammates skills so I don't really have
a matter of preference but I do think
that this meta is really good for us so
I would say that I would prefer to come
this way but also I'm good enough to
play multiple roles and I don't want to
be stuck on just jungle so I would I've
been thinking about role swapping for a
really long time so it's good that riot
just kind of like let it happen in the
game naturally so I don't have to ruin
my career by swapping to ad carry or
something because once you do once you
do this we're all swaps oftentimes
there's no coming back from that it's
exciting to see I mean I I think it's
fun to see everybody playing different
stuff and I I hope I hope what you guys
are doing encourages even more teams to
do that kind of stuff other than
anything that you would
say to any of the fans out there thanks
for supporting echo fox thanks for
supporting me and hopefully we can give
you guys more Chuo weekends thank you so
much star doc for the interview for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all the things eSports
right here on my youtube channel
this is annoyed she's the woman that
does all the emails from my twitch
channel and she says she only does it
for people who are actually very popular
so if you don't sub to my channel and
watch my videos she said that she's
never gonna do any more emotes for me on
twitch channel C look she's already
leaving because I'm becoming less
popular she's looking for popular people
to do emails for her thanks so much -
omnis lash but please subscribe and go
follow my twitch channel which i also
put the description when she's gone